See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360008290

"IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF IAY IN JAMMU AND KASHMIR"

Article · March 2021

CITATIONS

0
READS

37

4 authors, including:

Some of the authors of this publication are also working on these related projects:

THE CORONAVIRUS WILL BE REMEMBERED BY THE ROLE OF INTERNET AND SOCIAL MEDIA” View project

Annamalai university View project

Showkat Ahmad Dar

Annamalai University

25 PUBLICATIONS   2 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

Naseer Ahmad Lone

Chandigarh University

19 PUBLICATIONS   2 CITATIONS   

SEE PROFILE

All content following this page was uploaded by Naseer Ahmad Lone on 17 April 2022.

The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360008290_IMPACT_ASSESSMENT_OF_IAY_IN_JAMMU_AND_KASHMIR?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_2&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360008290_IMPACT_ASSESSMENT_OF_IAY_IN_JAMMU_AND_KASHMIR?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_3&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/project/THE-CORONAVIRUS-WILL-BE-REMEMBERED-BY-THE-ROLE-OF-INTERNET-AND-SOCIAL-MEDIA?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_9&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/project/Annamalai-university?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_9&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_1&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Showkat-Dar-13?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_4&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Showkat-Dar-13?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_5&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/institution/Annamalai-University2?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_6&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Showkat-Dar-13?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_7&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Naseer-Lone?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_4&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Naseer-Lone?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_5&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/institution/Chandigarh_University?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_6&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Naseer-Lone?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_7&_esc=publicationCoverPdf
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Naseer-Lone?enrichId=rgreq-9bac266de9e361dc5f8d92851b954c33-XXX&enrichSource=Y292ZXJQYWdlOzM2MDAwODI5MDtBUzoxMTQ1ODYyMTUxNTA3OTY4QDE2NTAyMDYyMzQxNjA%3D&el=1_x_10&_esc=publicationCoverPdf


Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 160 

 

 

“IMPACT ASSESSMENT OF IAY IN JAMMU AND KASHMIR” 
 

Showkat Ahmad Dar 

Dr.Naseer Ahmad Lone 
 

 

Abstract: 

The term public policy reflects Governments long range plans and values that should be adopted in 

various fields of administration. The aim of these policies is betterment of people. These are the images 

of action which the government intends to take. The Government of India made several schemes for the 

welfare of people. The Government made a policy i.e. PRADHAN MANTRI GRAMIN AWAAS 

YOJANA previously Indira Awaas Yojana is a social welfare program. This aims to provide housing for 

the rural poor in India especially for SCs/STs/Freed Bonded Laborers in the rural areas. This scheme 

also envisages provision of house-sites to the landless people so that they could also come under the 

ambit of IAY Scheme. IAY is 100 percent subsidized sponsored scheme with the resources being shared 

on 75:25 percent basis between Centre and State respectively. The study aims to highlight the concept, 

nature, objectives and role of Indira Awaas Yojana in Jammu and Kashmir and to trace its extent, 

strategy and to locate various gaps in its strategy and implementation. 

 

Key notes: 

IAY introduction, Housing Objectives of scheme, Justice and equity, Policy failure ,Role of agencies, 

Irregularities in IAY funds, Ethics in policy implementation, Covid 19 and housing, Allocation of funds, 

Monitoring And Evaluation. 

 

Introduction: 

Public polices exists from time immemorial irrespective of the type of Government existed in the 

every state or country. The term public policy reflects Government’s long range plans and value that 

should be adopted in various fields of administration. It’s is a proposed course of action of a person 

group or government within a given environment. The public policies are the programmes which are set 

out by the existing government for the betterment of the people on the whole. These are the final results 

of the collective action taken by the government. These are the images of actions which the government 

intends to take. The Government of India from time to time frames number of polices for the welfare the 

people. These polices may be distributing, regulatory and redistributing etc. The government made a 

police i.e, Pradhan Mantri Grameen Awas Youjna previously Indra Awaas Yojana is social welfare 

programme , created by the Indian Government to provide housing for the ruler poor in India. A 

similarly Scheme for urban poor was launched in 2015 as housing for all by 2022. It’s a programme of 

the ministry of Rural Development to construct houses for BPL population in the Villages. 

 

Housing: 

Housing is one of the needs for mankind in terms of safety, self esteem, social status, identity, 

satisfaction and achievement. Human development and improvement in the quality of life are ultimate 

objective of housing. Through a number of programs have been in operation for providing housing 

facilities and rural poor, significant achievement was not achieved among the poorest in the rural area. 

Housing is one of the important aspects of social sector. This is to be achieved through policies and 

program aimed at promotion of both equity and excellence. Although “food” is the primary need of the 

people and “Shelter” secondary nonetheless both “food” and “Shelter” are two sides of the same coin 

and are closely linked to each other. The research proposal examines the execution of IAY program in 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 161 

 

 

its actual execution and the hurdles encountered in the implementation in Jammu & Kashmir. 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 162 

 

 

The “ Housing for All” under the flagship program i.e., Indra Awas Yojna is executed in J&K for 

providing the housing facilities to the rural poor people. It’s to be believed that the poor segments of the 

society in J&K are denied for getting the benefits of IAY. Hence, that poor people are calling it crummy 

execution and scheme available only for the white collor’s of the society. Hence policy making in India 

has frequently been characterized by a failure to anticipate needs, impacts or reactions which could have 

reasonably been foreseen, thus impeding economic development. 

In Jammu and Kashmir, the Indra Awas Youjana is being implemented by the department of Rural 

Development. The two divisions of state (Kashmir and Jammu) have separate directorate of rural 

development. The two directorate are responsible for planning, implementation and allocation of state 

share to district The scheme is implemented by the Deputy Commissioners at the district level and 

block development officers at block level. However the Hierarchy is assisted by other officers like 

VLW’s and Sarpanch’s etc. The poor and needful people claimed that the scheme is not implemented in 

proper spirit and form. Hence it violates the justice and equity. 

 

Research Questions: 

1. What are the objectives of IAY? 
2. What are the Chief obstacles that are in the implementation process of IAY distribution? 
3. To what extent the central and state government has been successful in eradicating the obstacles 

of IAY distribution? 

4. To evaluate the role of different agencies in IAY distribution? 
5. To evaluate the impact of Covid 19 on housing? 

 

Objectives Of The Scheme: 

The primary objective of the scheme is to help construction / up gradation of dwelling units of members 

of SC, ST, Freed bonded laborers and other below poverty line non SC /ST rural households by 

providing them a lump sum financial assistance. The IAY was launched in J&K in the year 1985-1986 

and try to cover all the districts of the state. 

However as per reports received from the secondary sources that the objectives of the scheme 

is not carried out in proper sprit and form the people claims that the authorities are providing the benefits 

of the scheme to those who are not eligible for that .The objectives the scheme needs to be implemented 

in the original form. 

 

Objectives of the study:- 

The specific objectives of the evaluation study include the assessments / examination of the following: 
1. The IAY mechanism, planning, monitoring and implementation of the scheme in J&K. 
2. The extent to which allocations, realizes and utilization of funds were made as per the guidelines 

of the Scheme. 

3. The portray as to what extent the scheme has generated the needed benefits. 
4. To analysis the social, economic and demographic characteristic of the Scheme. 
5. The identify the problems in the implementation of the scheme and reasons for tardy 

implementation. 

6. The identify the role of ethics in the policy implementation. 

 

Methodology:- 

In this research proposal the data for the present study is collected mainly through secondary sources 

the objectivity of historical writings has been used to develop a frame work of the study and to arrive at 

an unbiased conclusion. 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 163 

 

 

 

The information collected from non-beneficiaries included there social , economic status, 

knowledge of the schemes and experiences with the implementation of the scheme the experiences of 

the beneficiaries and non beneficiaries were collected with a view to identify and analysis the possible 

short coming in the implementation of the scheme. 

 

Justice & Equity:- 

The major themes of the constitution of India are like Justice and equity. The people expect fair 

justice of distribution of benefits. The equity aimed to think about the welfare of weaker sections of the 

society. The administrators should be the champions of the poor people. The poor people should be 

given proper rights and benefits. But It’s very unfortunate that the poor people are very cold and don’t 

get benefits of IAY in some areas in J&K. This is all due to ivory tower approach of administrator’s who 

are not providing benefits to poor people. They have strong connection with the elite classes and 

providing benefits to those who have already well constructed houses and other necessities of life. 

Hence people of J&K dubbed the IAY Scheme as failure of policy in J&K. 

 

The persistence of policy failure:- 

In order to better understand how to improve policy support it is first of all instructive to appreciate 

the nature of policy failure logically the reasons why things go wrong should help to guide the search for 

potential solutions. There is now growing interested in the nation of “policy failure” (Volker 2014) but 

as McConnell has noted “failure” resides at the extreme and of the success failure spectrum where its 

characterized by absolute non achievement. Such as situation will be unusual. As he observes “Failure is 

rarely unequivocal and absolute even policies that have become known as classic policy failures also 

produced small and modest success” 

 

Four broad contributors to policy failure can be identified: 

1. Overly optimistic expectations. 
2. Implementation in dispersed governance. 
3. Inadequate collaborative policy making a 
4. Vagaries of the political cycle. 

There is an increasing awareness that polices don’t succeed or fail on their own merits rather 

their progress is dependent upon the process of implementations. Despites several decades of criticism, 

it’s a model that still retains some popularity with policy making authorities. 

There is an inadequate collaboration anything other than the most simple of measures will 

require continues collaboration with a host of local “downstream” implementation actors such as end 

users frontline staff and a range of local services agencies policy design and policy implementation 

accordingly need to resemble and integrated process rather than discrete and distinct stages it rarely 

happens. 

 

Panchayat representatives messing up IAY: 

In a startling revelation, the J&K government has admitted large scale irregularities in the 

implementation of IAY centrally sponsored scheme meant for providing houses to rural poor. During the 

last and current financial year certain unpleasant facts have come to the notice of the department in the 

implementation of Indra Awas Yojna. To quote a few instances, bungling was noticed in the 

distribution of benefits of IAY in block Choodra, District Budgam Block Sopre, Baramulla, Kupwara 

etc. It’s generally being companied by the public that the benefits of IAY is not given to the deserving 

people. Many cases have come to notice where benefits has either been provided to the close relatives 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 164 

 

 

of Panchayat Raj functionaries or Undeserving persons probably in lieu of some pecuniary 

consideration. The Union rural development ministry also received a complaint from J&K locals about 

irregularities in the distribution of IAY benefits. The newspaper bring to fore that the ministry received a 

complaint bearing file No. J-11060/4/2020-RH NLM about irregularities in the implementation of IAY 

in Kupware, Doda and Budgam districts. 

Another complaint bearing file No. J-11060/4/2020-RH was submitted by locals to Union rural 

development ministry regarding irregularities in the program in Kishtwar district of Jammu region. 

The CAG of India has handed over an exhaustive report on the multiple crore IAY mess of J&K 

to the Union minister of Rural Development. The report is essentially a compilation of various audit 

reports of CAG on the implementation of IAY in J&k has unveiled state governments incompetence in 

implementing the Scheme on ground. According to this report multiple bank accounts from (2-20) were 

operated in various districts, blocks and Gram Panchyats for implementing IAY scheme. 

Making a mention of particular care the audit report has stated that BDO has shown 0.29 crore 

as expenditure in the cash book for the year 2010-2011 without any supporting entries & agency to 

whom the amount had been paid. Further 0.15 crore was drawn from the treasury as state share for the 

IAY in March 2019 and was later shown as transferred to the Cash book. The cashbook there of along 

with allied record was not produced to audit. In the absence, audit has not ruled out the misappropriation 

of Rs 0.44 crore in 6 districts of J&K namely Rajouri, Kargil, Kupwara, Kulgam, Kishtwar and Poonch 

second installment to 1903 beneficiaries was not released. Further double payment of Rs 5.60 was made 

to 20 beneficiaries. 

 

Expenditure On Weaker Sections: 

The IAY guidelines envisages that 30% of the houses should be constructed for SC/ST population 

and other backward population. The proportion of SC/ST population in Anantnag, Kupwara , Doda and 

Rajouri districts is 2% ,9%,21% & 41% respectively. In Kupwara district about 27% of the total 

expenditure Under AIY was spent on SC/ST households during 2017 – 2018. Thus it can be concluded 

that SC/ST & OBC households received adequate representation under IAY in the state. 

But when talked to the non beneficiaries they claimed that the benefits of the Scheme has been 

provided to the close contacts of politician and beaucrates. They called this scheme the failure. Apart 

from that thing the people claimed that only non-deserving candidates gets benefits of this scheme. 

However the deserving candidates don’t get any benefit as per the objectives and provisions of the 

scheme. 

 

Role of Political Executives: 

The political executives or elected representatives are considered a bridge between the people and 

government. They are expected to serve the interests of their society. They should give voice and 

support to the weaker sections of the society. But it’s very unfortunate that they are doing such activities 

which violates the spirit of constitution. The people are expected that these elected representatives will 

prioritize the needs of the individual in the society. The elected representatives abuses the power and 

authority for the sake of their benefits. The MLA’s misused, misappropriate the social welfare schemes. 

The primary group of the IAY includes SC/ST and other weaker sections of the society. But, it’s very 

unfortunate that the benefits are given to those who are very close the elected representatives despite of 

the fact that they are sound rich and do not have any need of benefit. They IAY benefit are almost 

exclusively handed over to those individuals who belongs to the party of the local MLA’s or 

demonstrates some sort of services to his/her political aims. The APL families were also given benefits 

under this scheme. Where some BPL families left uncovered for despite applications. Hence IAY 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 165 

 

 

distribution has highlighted the criminal politicization of social welfare programm’s in our political 

system. 

It’s the need of an hour that the elected representatives should change their approach and should fallow 

ethics while distributing the benefits among the people. 

 

J&K still a failure state in implementation: 

Apart from scheme being renamed from IAY to Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Grameen (PMAYG) 

J&K governments dismal show in the construction of houses in the rural areas continues. 

From constituting 1.11% of the total number of sanctioned houses in the year 2014-2015, J&K failed 

miserably in meeting in meeting the targets set by it. In the year of 2015-16, J&K constructed 1788 

houses which is just 26.20% of the target set by the rural development department of the state 

government. Though their is improvement but nothing significant has been done by the Rural 

Development Department. 

There was no improvement in the subsequent year with just 12.87% of the target met by the 

department in the year of 2014-2015. The state has miserably failed to implement this scheme which has 

the potential of improving the social Scenario of people living in the rural areas. The administrative 

machinery has worked callously and has not bothered to go down to the aground to find out if the 

eligible beneficiaries are 265002, why even small targets are not being met the department and why the 

backlog is not cleared immediately. 

Under IAY the focus is on providing housing assistance to the most vulnerable SC, ST families 

and families of bonded laborers were covered under this scheme. The Union Cabinet in its meeting held 

on March 23, 2016 considered the proposal of PMAYG and gave approval for implementation of 

PMAY wherein it has now been decided to provide assistance for construction of 1.00 crore houses in 

rural areas over the period of 3 years from 2016-2017 to 2018-2019, enhancement of unite assistance 

from Rs 70,000 to Rs 1.20 lakh in Plain areas and from Rs 75,000 to 1.30 lakh in Hillay areas. Meeting 

the requirements of 21,975 crore (60,000 crore from budgetary process) by barrowing though National 

Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development to be amortized thought budgetary allocations after 2022 

and using SECC-2011 data for identification for beneficiaries. 

 

Irregularities in IAY funds: 

The irregularities don’t end here it’s to be believed that even as funds were allocated two years 

back, houses are yet to come up. The block authoritieshas issued over 4,000 work orders surprisingly not 

a single house is in sight. Besides, officials have sanctioned IAY houses to the kiths and kens and have 

done the violation of government’s norms. During the year so far, on the allegation of corruption and 

other irregularities in the matter of selection and distribution of houses and allotment of funds under 

IAY have registered 6 cases against 13 government servants/other public servants. During the year 2018 

-2019, 10 cases have been registered on the irregularities of IAY against officers and Sarpanches. 

During the year 2017, 7 files enquires have been registered for irregularities in implementation of IAY 

schemes. 

Jammu and Kashmir government ordered a probe into alleged irregularities in distribution of 

funds under IAY in Kupwara and Bandipora district 

The State vigilance commission asked the vigilance organization to register a case in complaint against a 

farmer BDO, Tral for allegedly extending under benefit to some beneficiaries by way of releasing Rs 

1.30 lakh under IAY Scheme in violation of norms and procedures fixed for this purpose. The report 

further revealed that the concerned officials instead of releasing funds in favour of deserving homeless 

families especially BPL category, dishonestly released favour of Panch and Sarpanch of the area despite 

knowing that both the beneficiaries are already in possession of their own houses and were not entitled 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 166 

 

 

to any benefit under the Scheme released of Rs 1.30 lakh in their favour thereby defeating the real spirit 

of the scheme and snatched the rights of poor families. It’s worth nothing that local Panchyat prepares 

the list of beneficiaries which is verified by BDO for further action and in this case the Sarpanch and 

Panch included their own names dishonestly. 

 

Policy implementation and Ethics: 

A policy implementation is a goal oriented course of action and implemented by the governmental 

bodies and officials in pursuit of certain objectives or goals of public. The word ethic’s recommending 

concepts of right and wrong behavior. It consists value, honor, honesty, fairness, responsibility integrity 

moral etc. The ethics affect how people make decisions and lead their lives. The IAY distribution needs 

sound part of ethics from the political and permanent executives. The lack of ethics leads to failure of 

the policy. The political executives have to carefully consider the ethical plane while framing or 

implementing polices and its benefits. Polices will have to correspondingly incorporate an ethical 

outlook on how these impact society. 

 

Covid 19 and Housing: 

The Covid 19 has been stated from Wahan City in Chaina and has crossed all geographical 

boundaries or World. The WHO declared it Pandemic and Zoonetic . Due to this deadly virus the 

government of all countries get involved to protect the people of the country. Hence, the government is 

not able to achieve goals of the policies. The process of construction of houses during Covid 19 has been 

stopped in order to protect the lives of people. It’s the prime duty of the government of India to get back 

its actual process again through different Schemes which ensures the protection and welfare of people. 

The finical year 2020 proved bad for the all nations of the world because the process of development by 

the government for the people was halted. The money from the government exchequer was utilized for 

the protection of health of the people rather than the construction of houses for the people under IAY 

Scheme. 

 

Monitoring and Evaluation: 

Monitoring and evaluation of Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) Scheme .The regular monitoring and 

evaluation of the rural development programmes introduced from   time to time is a routine 

activity of the official agencies of ministry of rural areas and employment such as “Evaluation 

Organization of the planning commission. Most of these evaluations are undertaken to improve 

the effectiveness of implementation within the existing framework and design of the   major 

project. During 1992-93 the Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) Scheme was also evaluated through a 

quick study conducted by the programme evaluation organization of the planning commission. 

However, there are very few systematic and empirical studies concerning the assessment of 

implementation and impact of these programmes on the target group- the rural poor. The exact 

nature and magnitude of change brought about by these programmes is significant to have an 

impartial and objective assessment of their achievements and failures . Monitoring and evaluation 

mechanism of IAY Scheme is an important tool to bring the rural economy on the path of 

development . For removing corruption, regular evaluation of IAY and physical verification of 

houses are necessary. This would help in removing any discrepancy in its implementation like 

ineligible beneficiaries, construction by contractors, long time taken for sanctioning and 

disbursement of money, inadequate allocation, and no sanitary facilities being constructed in IAY 

houses. Also to effectively deal with the problem of shelter, Government of India (GOI) should 

adopt a “bottom to top” approach with the centre taking data and “Action Plan” from States 

which in turn should get it from districts and from village Panchayat. Besides monitoring and 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 167 

 

 

evaluation, development of awareness among the people about the programmes is an important 

area which needs immediate attention. Awareness is an important weapon to curtail possible 

irregularities by the implementing agencies. It is essential to have intensive campaigning and 

dissemination of information about the programmes through electronic media (Radio and TV) in 

local languages and through conventional and nonconventional systems like an advertisement in 

the vernacular newspapers, local songs, dance, posters and drama etc. Besides, awareness 

campaign indicated earlier, people’s involvement in the implementation is an important area for 

improving the quality of the programmes. People’s involvement is also a tool to ensure 

transparency in  the implementation of rural developmental programmes 

 

Allocation of Funds: 

The IAY is a centrally sponsored scheme funded on cost sharing bases between the government of 

India and the states in 80:20 ratio. The Government of India allocates funds directly to the districts for 

the implementation of IAY. The beneficiaries of AIY persistently claiming that the funds provided is not 

sufficient to construct the houses. Infact, such meager amount can’t complete their construction of 

buildings. The funds make their construction pending and incomplete. During the harsh winter there 

incomplete building gets destroy easily. The amount as per IAY provision i.e, 0.20 lakh is not sufficient. 

The people demanded such meager amount will not help them to construct a building or house 

especially in hilly terrain and topography of districts. The cost of transpiration of raw material is very 

high in hilly areas. Hence the people demanded 50000 for new houses and 20000 for upgradation of the 

existing house. 

 

Conclusion and Suggestion: 

From the foregoing, it may be concluded that IAY benefited a number of families but at the same its said 

that IAY implementation have number of loopholes. However on the basis of above findings below 

mentioned suggestions need to the considered for making the scheme more effective: 

1. Every year there is an increase in the houseless population. The availability of funds no doubt 
has increased over the years. But the demand of housing among the poor has increased more than 

the availability of funds. Therefore, more funds should be allotted for IAY. 

2. The amount of IAY should be increased keeping in view the aspect the upper limit for the 
construction should be enhanced to Rs 50,000 for new houses and Rs 20,000 for upgradation of 

the existing house. It’s very different to build a house in just Rs 0.20 lakh Due to hilly terrain and 

topography of districts Kupwara ,Doda, Rajouri and other mountains parts of the UT. 

3. It has been observed that there is a lot of political interference in the selection of beneficiaries 
under IAY. Hence there is need to bring total transparency in the selection of beneficiaries. Wide 

publicity should be given to the IAY action plan through newspaper. The list of IAY applicants 

selected should be displayed at some public places so as to invite objections. 

4. The BPL survey conducted by the Rural Development Department has number of flaws, is being 
used for selection of beneficiaries .There is need to have a fresh BPL Survey. 

5. It was also observed that IAY related cheques were distributed by the MLA’s in public 
gatherings. This delays and disbursement of the assistance and consequently affects the progress 

of work. Hence, it’s suggested that the practice of distributing cheques by MLA’’s should be 

stopped. Instead, the payment should be released to the beneficiaries through their bank account 

without waiting for the MLA’s to arrange public gatherings. 

6. There is a lack of clarity in guidance as to which type of house are to be given assisted for 
upgradation. Hence there should be a proper monitoring to ensure that the amount sanctioned for 



Kala : The Journal of Indian Art History Congress 

ISSN : 0975-7945 

Volume-26, No.2(X) : 2020-2021 168 

 

 

up gradation of houses is properly utilized by the beneficiary for the purpose it has been 

sanctioned. 

7. The beneficiaries of IAY are very poor. But they are not given any building material on 
concessional rates. Hence, it also suggested that cement, timbre and tin sheets should be 

provided to IAY beneficiaries on subsidized rates. 

8. There is a need to have a periodic evaluation of IAY in the state. It’s suggested that the office of 
the REO Chandigarh should reopen its office in Srinagar so that the evaluation studies can be 

taken up on regular basis. Alternatively, such evaluation can be outsourced to reputed 

institutions, Research Centers and Individual Experts. 

9. The political executives should fallow the code of ethics from their heart while distributing the 
benefits of IAY, because lack of ethics results failure of policy. 

10. The Panchyat members should work in a fair manner for the welfare of poor people. The names 
recommended by Panches and Sarpanches of IAY must be checked by the authorities clearly 

before sectioning any benefit of IAY to them. 

11. The Red Tapism or delaying in IAY sanctioning of funds should be minimized, the need or poor 
must be fulfilled instantly without any delaying. 

 

References: 

1. .Hussain M, Yaseen G. A study of loopholes in selection criteria of Indira Awaas Yojana 
(IAY) scheme in district Anantnag of Kashmir valley; 

2. Choudhury R.C. Basic Rural Infrastructure and Services for Improved Quality of Life. 
Hyderabad: NIRD Publication, 1999; p.632. 

3. Archana J. (11.12.2014). Indira Awaas Yojana Prashar SB. Policy Environment, Performance 
and Efficacy of Indira Awaas Yojana in Haryana. 

4. Political Economy Journal of India, 2010; 19(2), p. Singh K. Rural development: principles, 
policies management. Sage Publications; 2009 Jan 6. 

5. Ministry of Rural Development, Briefing book on IAY February. 2013. P.6. 
6. Thaha, M. Rural Housing in India: PRIs Must Play A Crucial Role In Choudhury, R.C. et.al. 

1999. Basic Rural Infrastructure and Services for Improved Quality of Life. Hyderabad: 

NIRD Publication, p.631 

7. Verma B. Rural Development Reforms. New Delhi: Deep Publication, 2006: p. 91- 93. 
8. Desai V. Rural Development in India: Past, Present and Future, A Challenge in the Crisis. 

Mumbai: Himalayan Publication, 2005; p.157. 

9. PRC. Evaluation Report on IAY, UOK: Srinagar, 2005; p. 19. 
10. John, J.P.et.al. Shelter for the Rural Poor. New Delhi: Ashish Publication, 1992; p.110. 
11. Ministry of Rural Development, Manual of IAY, February, 2013, p.5. 
12. Ministry of Rural Development, Manual of IAY. September, 2013. P.4. 

 

13. Giriappa,S. Housing Finance and Development in India. New Delhi: Mohit Publication, 1998; p. 
15. 

14. Rana, P. Science and Technology and Rural Housing. In John, J.P. et.al. (Ed.) Shelter for 
the Rural Poor. New Delhi: Ashish Publication, p.115 Ministry of Housing and Urban 

Poverty Alleviation, GOI , 1992; p. 7. 

15. Hussain, M. Social Impact of Indira AwaasYojana (IAY) Scheme on Health Status of 
Rural Households in Kashmir with Special Reference to 

View publication statsView publication stats

http://et.al/
http://j.p.et.al/
http://et.al/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360008290