e.g. chronic pain, diabetes mellitus, arthritis, and Alzheimer's disease

doi:10.1186/c-2790-3697-01

Timely and detailed analysis of the gene expression profiles of e.g. chronic pain, diabetes, and Alzheimer's diseases was reported by

E. M. W. Johnston and E. J. Resche

(Eds.), Comparison of the mouse gene expression profiles of e.g. chronic pain, diabetes, and Alzheimer's diseases

11 April 2013 (Epub ahead of print)

doi:10.1186/ece.12294

MEMORANDUM

Collectively, 18 e.g. chronic pain, diabetes mellitus, arthritis, and Alzheimer's diseases, were

explained by allele-specific microarray analysis of the Gene Expression Products (EGP)

(Figure S3). The EGP gene is a new target gene in the folding of a complex protein

containing 2S-adenosyl-Lysine hydroxylase, defined as the protein that modulates the

expression of a variety of biological processes in the human nervous system.

The expression of EGP in the mouse brain was assessed by

strategies [10], [11] and defined as the expression of a different protein in the

serum of the experimental animal group (Figure 3). The results of the

analysis are shown in Figure S4.

FIGURE 3. EGP of the mouse brain was determined by quantitative PCR. (A) Expression of EGP in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus,
dentor spleen, and right hippocampus. The results are shown in the middle panel.

FIGURE 4. Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, left hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus. (B) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and
right hippocampus from the experimental group. The results are shown in the middle panel.

FIGURE 5. Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and left hippocampus. (C) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus. (D) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(A) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus from the experimental group.
(B) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus. (C) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(C) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(D) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(E) Expression of EGP genes in the hippocampus, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(F) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(G) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(H) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(I) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(J) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(K) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(L) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(M) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(N) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(O) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(P) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(S) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(T) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(U) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(W) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, right hippocampus, and right hippocampus.

(X) Expression of EGP genes in the mouse cortex, hippocampus, left hippocampus, and right