The situation is becoming more and more dire for the health of the poor in the United States.

The state of Iowa is at a standstill, with health-care costs in the United States at a three-year low. This is not surprising given the high health care costs that were previously reported in other states.

Expanding Medicaid to the poor is a step in the right direction; even in states like Iowa, the percentage of the population with health-insurance is growing at a slightly faster rate than in the past.

The number of poor and middle-class families is growing at a slower rate than in other states.

Health-care costs are growing at a faster rate than in other states.

In the past, the statistical analysis of the United States population data sets was used to determine the trend of the average American family. Since the late 1970s, the trend in the United States has been increasing as the percentage of the population with health-insurance has increased.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has also increased.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has increased from 42 to 56.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has increased from 52 to 52.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 43.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has increased from 42 to 42.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 37 to 34.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 22 to 20.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 22 to 15.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 19 to 17.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has declined from 53 to 47.

These stats indicate that the number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance is growing at a slower rate than in other states.

Health-care costs in the United States have increased by over one-third.


The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 49 to 43.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 40.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 36 to 36.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 36 to 37.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 37 to 37.

The percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 37 to 34.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 35 to 35.

Health-care costs in the United States have increased by over one-third.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 45 to 40.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 45 to 40.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 45 to 40.

In the United States, the percentage of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 40 to 40.

As a result, health-care costs are increasing in the United States.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 41.

The proportion of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 41.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 42.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 42.

The number of poor and middle-class families with health insurance has decreased from 42 to 42.

The number of poor and middle-class