The central role of the promotion of anabolic- and anti-angiogenic factors in the pathophysiology and regulation of muscle growth is poorly under investigation. However, the performance of a variety of organs in various different metabolic and physiological conditions, such as the regulation of muscle growth, is crucial for the development of the muscle and bone health.

Here we report the first study of the differentiation of the human musculoskeletal muscle and bone under the presence of a novel inhibitor of bone marrow development, i.c. D-lacto-lysin.

We show that the phosphorylation of heme-2, an anabolic-and anti-angiogenic factor, heme-2 expression, is one of the role of the heme-2 pathway in the development of the human skeletal muscle and bone. We show that D-lacto-lysin is a member of the bone microenvironment in the interstitial space of the bone marrow of the human skeletal muscle and bone, and that it is essential for the development of the bone.

Therefore, we demonstrate that the expression of bone microenvironment in the interstitial space of the bone marrow of the human skeletal muscle is essential for the development of the bone.

This study has three components:

1) The expression of bone microenvironment in the interstitial space of the bone marrow of the human skeletal muscle and bone.

2) The expression of bone microenvironment in the interstitial space of the bone marrow of the human skeletal muscle and bone.

3) The expression of bone microenvironment in the interstitial space of the bone marrow of the human skeletal muscle and bone.

METHODS

We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature on the potential therapeutic benefits of D-lacto-lysin in the treatment of muscle wasting disorders.

RESULTS

The study was performed using a validated clinical trial protocol. The use of the dose-dependent phenotype in the treatment of muscle wasting disorders is by far the most promising and has been used in the treatment of many ill patients with glioblastoma.

The study was published in the Official Journal of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and a National Institutes of Health grant was received by the authors in exchange for the participation in the study.

The authors had no conflicts of interest with respect to the author(s) or the publication of the manuscript.

REFERENCES

1. Garvey, S. et al. (2000) Cell signalling and the human skeletal muscle: the role of the interstitial space. Ann. Rev. Biochem. Biochem. 38: 14–17.

2. Adler, G. & Lauritz, M. (2003) Cytokine signalling and the IsoR: a new paradigm for the treatment of bone wasting disorders. J. Clin. Oncol. 11: 817–829.

3. Albright, J. P., Lee, W. J. & Park, S. T. (2003) The interstitial space: a novel stimulation for the treatment of bone wasting disorders. J. Clin. Oncol. 13: 38–43.

4. Allings, R. H. et al. (2005) Glioblastoma as a potential treatment for the treatment of bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 695–703.

5. Allings, R. H. et al. (2002) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for osteoarthritis. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 443–446.

6. Alling, R. H. et al. (2000) Interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 16–20.

7. Alling, R. H. et al. (2000) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 12–26.

8. Allings, R. H. et al. (2002) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 14–16.

9. Albright, J. P. et al. (2005) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 10–19.

10. Alling, R. H. et al. (2002) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders. P. Clin. Oncol. 13: 15–18.

11. Alling, R. H. et al. (2002) The interstitial space of bone: a novel therapeutic target for bone wasting disorders