A recent report published in the American Journal of Medicine found that the growth of the inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) in the United States is largely controlled by the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages. In this study, we examined the role of a diet-induced increase of the incidence of the bowel inflammation associated with sugar sweetened beverages (SBSs).

Methods

This study was designed to examine the effects of a diet-induced increase in the incidence of bowel inflammation associated with sugar sweetened beverages (SBSs). Participants were recruited by the American Society of Clinical Oncology, and the authors used data from the American Society of Pathology (ASPC) and The American Society of Gastroenterology (ASG). All data were obtained from the American Society of Gastroenterology, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the American Society of Nephrology (ASLV).

Data

Data availability is available online at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2725707.

TABLE 1

Table 1. Raw incidence of SIBOs in the United States in the 2007–2012 period as estimated by the method of Annalen and Rachman, IJAC, and United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, and United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture,United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States

RESULTS

FIG. 1. Summary of the incidence of SIBOs in the United States in the 2008–2012 period as estimated by the method of Annalen and Rachman, IJAC, and United States Department of Agriculture, United States.

FIG. 2. Saturation and invasion of the SIBOs in the United States in the 2008–2012 period.

FIG. 3. Saturation and invasion of the SIBOs in the United States in the 2008–2012 period.

FIG. 4. Saturation and invasion of the SIBOs in the United States in the 2008–2012 period.


TABLE 1.

Table 1. Raw incidence of SIBOs in the United States in the 2007–2012 period as estimated by the method of Annalen and Rachman, IJAC, and United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States

TABLE 2.

Table 2. Raw incidence of SIBOs in the United States in the 2007–2012 period as estimated by the method of Annalen and Rachman, IJAC, and United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture, United States Department of Agriculture,