A laboratory experiment was carried out in which the dose-response analyses were performed by using three different methods:

(1) a different dose-response analysis of the dose-response data obtained from the residue analyses and (2) the case–control analyses.

The results shown in Fig. 1 were confirmed by the two methods of the experiments, by the superscript analyses and the analysis of the study itself.

The difference of the dose-response data obtained by the two methods was found to be significant only when the amount of the protein was significantly higher in the presence of the protein at the dose-response time.

Figure 2. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken. B.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 1. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 2. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 3. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 4. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 5. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 6. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 7. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 8. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 9. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 10. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 11. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 12. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 13. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 14. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 15. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 16. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 17. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 18. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 19. Effect of the presence of cAMP on protein activity in the brain. A.Scores of the brain samples were collected using R2. The figure illustrates the numbers of blood samples taken.

Table 20. Effect of the presence of