A new study of the effects of a diet containing a high-fat milk protein with high-calorie dairy products on insulin resistance in preadipocytes indicates that high-fat milk protein can affect insulin sensitivity in preadipocytes. This study was conducted by using a Chinese laboratory to examine whether high-fat milk protein affects insulin sensitivity in preadipocytes. The study was conducted in the incubator of preadipocytes, an animal model of insulin resistance. The method used was the addition of a control group of preadipocytes to the cell culture medium. Fifty-seven (21%) of the preadipocytes were sacrificed at the end of the study. The percentage of insulin resistance was determined by the ratio of the ratio of the insulin resistance to the ratio of the protein concentration to the protein concentration in the culture medium. The ratio of insulin resistance to the protein concentration in the culture medium was then calculated using the ratio of the insulin resistance to the protein concentration in the culture medium. The mean protein concentration in preadipocytes was 7.7 ng/ml at concentration 7 specific to the protein level.

The authors thank the Chinese University of Science and Technology for their excellent work.

Introduction

The body mass index (BMI) is a measure of body composition and adiposity (BMI). Its importance in weight management and weight control is recognized by the body mass index (BMI); a classification of the BMI obtained by an automated standardized method based on total body weight and height. BMI is considered as a function of body composition, the PAL of the body and the total body fat content.

In this study, we asked preadipocytes to measure the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using an automated method developed by one of the leading high-fat fatty acids (FFA) researchers in the fields of cellular physiology and metabolic physiology. We found that the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes was significantly higher in preadipocytes that were fed a high-fat milk protein (HMBP) (7) (dark blue) than in those that were fed a control (dark green). These results demonstrate that HMBP stimulates insulin sensitivity in preadipocytes.

Methods

The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the Chinese University of Science and Technology. The study was approved by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.

Materials and Methods

Preadipocytes were treated with HMBP-rich, high-fat milk protein (HMBP-rich). The HMBP-rich milk protein was added to each preadipocyte at the beginning of each study and was added to the culture medium for later processing.

Statistical Analysis

We analyzed the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using the ANOVA and Dunnett's test. The ANOVA indicated that the HMBP-rich milk protein induced the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes.

The HMBP-rich milk protein was added to the preadipocytes in a centrifugation column at 9,000 g for 10 min. The HMBP-rich milk protein was added to each preadipocyte at the beginning of each study and was added to the culture medium for later processing.

RESULTS

The insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes was significantly higher in the HMBP-rich milk protein group than in the control group (Fig. 1A, Fig. S3, Fig. S4).

Figure 1. Insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using a HMBP-rich milk protein. (A) Expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes. (B) Expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes. (C) The expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes.

FIG. Insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using a HMBP-rich milk protein. (A) Expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes. (B) The expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes.

FIG. Insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using a HMBP-rich milk protein. (A) Expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes. (B) The expression levels of HMBP-rich milk protein and the insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes were significantly increased in preadipocytes.

FIG. Insulin sensitivity of preadipocytes by using a HMB