JACKSON, Calif. – The University of California, San Diego, where the new data are based, has released new data showing that the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased dramatically in recent years.

As part of an analysis of the U.S. military's recruitment efforts over the past decade, researchers from the University of California, San Diego and the Center for Applied International Studies found that the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased by 33 percent since the mid-2000s, and that the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased by 23 percent over the past 10 years.

The data were collected from the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Human Rights Data Study.

The researchers analyzed data from a number of U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) research projects, including the D.C. Human Rights Data Project and the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC).

The researchers also examined the composition of the U.S. military. In the study, the percentages of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military have increased dramatically since the mid-2000s.

The recent increase in the percentage of white-supremacist members in the U.S. military is more than double the percentage of white-supremacist members in the U.S. military.

"The data reveal that the U.S. military, as a whole, has grown dramatically in the last decade, having an almost exponential increase in the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military for the past 10 years," said study co-author, Mark P. White, Ph.D., Department of Defense. "We are in an era of greater diversity in the U.S. military, and this data strongly suggest that the U.S. military is not only a diverse organization, but is also a stable one that is stable and will grow in the future."

"This is a direct result of increasing diversity in the U.S. military. The percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased dramatically since the early 2000s. This data reveal that the U.S. military is one of the most diverse organizations in the world, and this data suggests that the U.S. military needs to improve its diversity in order to maintain its status as a diverse organization," said study co-author, Dr. John R. Greer, Ph.D., Department of Defense.

The data also reveal that the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased by 23 percent over the past 10 years.

The researchers also found that the percentage of white-supremacist members of the U.S. military has increased by 25 percent over the past 10 years.

The new data are published online in the journal, "The Impact of White Supremacist Membership on the U.S. Military in 2000-2012."

The data are collected by the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC). The NCHC is a partnership of the Department of Defense (DOD) and the Department of Defense Human Rights Data Study.

The researchers analyzed data from the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC). The NCHC is a joint project of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC) and the Department of Defense (DOD).

Additional data from the NCHC were also collected by the NCHC.

About the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC)

NCHC is a joint project of the Department of Defense (DOD) and the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC). This NCHC is the primary research program for the Department of Defense (DOD). The NCHC is responsible for the analysis, and is also the lead partner of the Department of Defense (DOD) Human Rights Data Study.

About the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control

NCHC is a joint project of the Department of Defense (DOD) and the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCHC). This NCHC is the primary research program for the Department of Defense (DOD). The NCHC is responsible for the analysis, and is also the lead partner of the Department of Defense (DOD).

About the Center for Applied International Studies

This scientific publication is dedicated to generating data, services, and other services to promote the research and educational development of human rights-based projects. The NCHC is a joint research project of the Department of Defense (DOD). The NCHC is responsible for the analysis, and is also the lead partner of the Department of