CHICAGO (Sept. 7, 2013) – The National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIAID) is in the process of developing a new form of insulin resistance therapy, the insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-stimulated growth factor-1 (IGF-1) receptor antagonist. The drug is being developed by a team led by Raymond S. Hill, PhD, of the University of Missouri, St. Louis.

The new treatment has been tested in rats and is approved by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.
"These drugs are widely used in the treatment of diabetes, but they are not effective in treating severe inflammatory bowel disease, particularly with the use of IGF-1 receptor antagonists," said Dr. Hill. "The first successful treatment of insulin resistance is the insulin-like growth factor inhibitor (IGF-1 receptor antagonist). This treatment has led to a significant increase in insulin resistance in the past decade and is used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. We are working to develop a new type of insulin receptor antagonist therapy that is capable of treating insulin resistance in this new patient population."

Patients with obesity and/or underlying metabolic diseases carried statin-resistant insulin resistance in the past, and the drug was referred to as the "prevention of insulin resistance." The drugs have been tested in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, and the results are in line with the findings of two randomized controlled clinical trials.
"We believe that the treatment of diabetes is the most effective, and relatively inexpensive, treatment for the treatment of obesity and other conditions related to metabolic syndrome," said Dr. Hill. "Each of the drugs can be used in a different patient population, and this is known to be a very effective treatment for this patient population.
"The current treatment of obesity and other conditions related to metabolic syndrome has been used to treat diabetes for some time and has not been successfully used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Chronic metabolic syndrome is an inflammatory process and the lack of insulin resistance is due to the lack of insulin in the body. We believe that insulin is a critical factor in the development of type 2 diabetes, and treatment of this patient population with insulin-resistant insulin resistance is a major step toward developing new drugs in this field.
"The drug
is designed to target the insulin receptor at the root of both types of disease. In this study, we found that a high-dose of the drug is able to elicit a significant increase in insulin resistance in the patients with type 2 diabetes, and a much higher dose is effective at inducing type 2 diabetes. We further understand that this therapy is important in the treatment of metabolic syndrome, because it is very invasive to the patient and requires a very high dose.
"We are working on developing a new type of insulin receptor blocker that is capable of treating insulin resistance in this new patient population, and we are also working on developing a new drug that specifically targets the insulin receptor, which is an important factor in the development of type 2 diabetes.
"This new treatment has been tested in rats and is approved by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. This drug has been tested in rats and is approved by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.
"Our goal is to develop a new type of insulin receptor blocker that is able to treat insulin resistance in this new patient population. The first successful treatment of this type of insulin receptor blocker in the treatment of type 2 diabetes has been developed. We are working on developing a new type of insulin receptor blocker that is able to treat insulin resistance in this new patient population.
"Manuscripts in this publication are available at www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/97701895.

###

Competing Interests:

University of Missouri, St. Louis, and the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.

University of Missouri, St. Louis, and the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.

The authors declare no competing financial interests.

References:

1. Chen, V. S., et al. (2008) A pancreatic glucose tolerance assay for the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes: the first single-center, randomized clinical trial. J Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol 25:1510–1537.

2. Chen, V. S., et al. (2010) A pancreatic glucose tolerance assay for the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes: the first single-center, randomized clinical trial. J Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol 25:1515–1537.

3. Chen, V. S., et al. (2011) Comparison of glucose tolerance tests in type 2 diabetes: the first single-center, randomized clinical trial. J Clin Gastroenterol Hepatol 25:1510–1537.