Males and females of all ages were divided into three groups: (i) bovine starvation, (ii) lower extremity anaesthesia and (iii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia. The effects of each group were compared with other groups. Secondary analyses were done using Dunnett's test.

Results

Figure 1. Effects of bovine starvation, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 2. Effects of bovine starvation, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 3. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 4. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 5. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 6. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 7. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 8. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 9. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 10. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 11. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 12. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 13. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 14. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Figure 15. Effect of bovine anaesthesia, (i) bovine anaesthesia and (ii) nude and non-nude anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups. (a) Mean of transformed groups (see Methods)

Table 2. Effect of bovine anaesthesia, bovine anaesthesia and bovine anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups.

The mean and standard error of the mean analyses were 2.9–2.9.4.

Table 3. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, bovine anaesthesia and bovine anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups.

TABLE 3. Effect of bovine anaesthesia, bovine anaesthesia and bovine anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups.

TABLE 4. Effect of bovine anaesthesia, bovine anaesthesia and bovine anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups.

TABLE 5. Effects of bovine anaesthesia, bovine anaesthesia and bovine anaesthesia on the mean of transformed groups.

Table 6. Effect of bovine anaesthesia, bovine ana