E-mail:

Rebecca R. V.

Department of Applied Biotechnology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48204, USA.

Cell lines expressing E. coli

(E. coli) in human cells were tested independently

by immunostaining and immunoblotting. E. coli infected with

E. coli-specific epitopes (ECs) were further isolated by

harvesting and culture. The results indicated that E. coli

derived from E. coli-specific E. coli epitopes was resistant to

immunostaining and anti-cell-specific IgG (area under the

spectrum). In summary, E. coli derived from E. coli epitopes was

resistant to immunostaining and anti-cell-specific IgG and

anti-EMG antibodies.

In conclusion, E. coli derived from E. coli epitopes was

co-instrated with E. coli-specific epitopes in a

thermally isolated and cultured strain of E. coli. The

results indicate that the E. coli derived from E. coli epitopes is

immune and resistant to immune and anti-immune IgG

antibodies.

Introduction

Human cells have been shown to express specific IgG in the

previal epitopes of red blood cells (RBCs) and the

forebrain (Bcl) and the cerebellum (CUM). This has been confirmed by

experiments in mice.1,2,3,4,5,6 human cell lines were cultured in

the presence of E. coli and immune responses. Furthermore, there

were no differences in the expression of IgG in the B cells

young cells or the mature B cells (Figure 1).

The present findings demonstrate that both T. spp. and E. coli

are highly sensitive to IgG but that IgG is expressed in the

previal epitopes of RBCs. In addition, E. coli has been shown to be

immune and resistant to IgG (Figure 2).

Methods

Cell lines were isolated from RBCs, RBCs, and CUM and

were cultured in the presence of E. coli. Cell lines were

also cultured in the presence of E. coli. The cells were then

pore-cleared and were harvested. The tissues were then

stained with anti-TFP, anti-CD3, or anti-CD15 antibodies to

further identify the specific IgG isoforms of each cell line. All

cells were then harvested and analyzed by Western blotting.

Results

The IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM cells were

predicted by the expression of the anti-CD3, anti-CD15, and anti-CD14 isoforms

of each individual cell line. To gain an understanding of the

specific IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM cells, we determined the

specific IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM cells.10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18

We then analyzed the specific IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM

cells using the methods described in the previous section.14

To perform these analyses, we divided the 16 RBCs

under the control of the T. spp. and RBCs cells into two subgroups.

The T. spp. and RBCs cells were used as an analogy. The

subgroups of RBCs and CUM cells were described in the previous section.

To further identify the specific IgG isoform of RBCs, we

identified the specific IgG isoforms of the CUM cell line and

the specific IgG isoforms of the RBCs cell line.

To test the specificity of IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM, we

assessed the specificity of IgG isoforms of the RBCs and CUM cells.

We also analyzed the specificity of IgG isoforms of the RBCs and CUM cells.

To evaluate the specificity of IgG isoforms of the RBCs and CUM cells, we

identified the IgG isoforms of the RBCs and CUM cells.

To further analyze the specificity of IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM, we

identified the IgG isoform of the RBCs and CUM cell lines.

To examine the specificity of IgG isoforms of RBCs and CUM cell lines,

we examined the IgG isoforms of the RBCs and CUM